README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Add d3 and next dependencies, update react-dom version, and reorder devDependencies in package.json

README.md, after:

# Data Visualization Project

This project is a powerful tool for visualizing large sets of data using React. It provides various types of charts including bar charts, line charts, and maps to help you understand your data better.

## Features

- **Bar Charts**: Perfect for comparing data across different categories.
- **Line Charts**: Ideal for showing trends over a period of time.
- **Maps**: Great for visualizing geographical data.

## Installation

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/yourusername/data-visualisation-project-GDSC_Sub.git`
2. Navigate into the project directory: `cd data-visualisation-project-GDSC_Sub`
3. Install the dependencies: `npm install`
4. Start the server: `npm start`

## Usage

Once you've started the server, navigate to `http://localhost:3000` in your web browser. You can then upload your data and choose the type of chart you want to generate.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community. If you'd like to contribute, please fork the repository and make your changes, then open a pull request to get your changes merged.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
